Have a nice day i want to go to today
the following topics speak on the one hand to the
throne debacle for the second something else
Carry on reading to 150 years
Social Democracy and the
Municipal elections on sunday in
schleswig-holstein took place
we have all of them here this morning
message is that the export of
Small arms from Germany on one
maximum has risen since the beginning
its acquisition so you can already
say that pistols rifle
machine pistol worth 76
million in 2012 legally the country
have left
The handguns are so to speak the
mass destruction weapons of the
become twenty-first century
and once sold go by hand
to hand and you always have to worry
that every weapon is at the end of its war
in this case it always happens
several weapons in the war
Find
In this respect, this message is still for us
an occasion really our requirement
to underline that there is one
Immediate stop of weapons and
Arms exports do not have to give
only arms exports deal now
currently the public but
of course a very prominent one
arms exports the speech is from the
debacle about the euro hawk lemon
this takes ever greater exception to
there are reports on possible
corruption in the weapons
Procurement projects of the Federal Government
we want to make it clear here
Minister of Defense has so far
here clearly the political
to take responsibility
and if not woman just feel that way
wildly determined that it would be before the
federal election no ministerial dismissal
he probably would have been more
longest time now
Minister of Defense
we clearly find here it has to be one
political cut give the left
calls for an armaments moratorium
if you do not already get through
can lead to an instant stop all
At least now you have to get arms exports
draw a clear cut and say it
must be a moratorium so at least
just stop over for more
Sales of small
and armor exports nachlese to 150
I was there last week at SPD
the spd celebrates the 150th anniversary
the founding of the general German
have celebrated workers' club and one
must say that's one in history
the labor movement is an important date
the left sees itself as well
Part of this is ours
Tradition line which I am very regrettable
found that the spd was this historic
has used event for an election campaign
that she is holding a big celebration
where she has the history of
worker ants due solely to the spd
has focused and active
is concealed committed so who
rightly honors the Social Democratic
seconded were the 1933 against the
authorization act have voted
Nazis I think that must also be mentioned
that the communist deputies too
at the time no longer in
the situation was against vote because
they already excluded or im
They were locked up by the Nazis
big celebration was financed
also in that zdf and phoenix the
have paid for direct transfer and that
ie the paid fees are paid
were forced here for a two-hour
spd promotional event with their
then finance fees like the cdf
still a neutral voting area
election campaign reporting services
want to guarantee is highly questionable
insofar was this historical date
a missed chance you would have it too
can use to over party borders
across the bright ones and the ones too
dark pages left story too
may also agree
inform about common presentation
from the future this chance became
forgive
and in that sense I can only say or in
leaning on a quote which I already know
Very often done is tradition
does not mean the ashes
pass on but the embers and
that's why the dignified means to me
birthday party very clearly on the coming
weekend to frankfurt on the main too
drive around there on the blog at protesten
to participate and together
with thousands and tens of thousands clearly
to do as we defend the
democracy in europe against politics
of the crisis regime of troika merkel and
co on sunday have in
Schleswig-Holstein municipal elections
place
The result is truly no reason
for altitude flights but it is not
reason to stick your head in the sand
it was clear that we were in 2008 in one
special situation
exception result
that could not have been achieved that way
as could not be achieved anymore
but you also have to say clearly in
larger cities and in some
area we have clear
clinging and there are still
left municipal politician in schleswig
Holstein is strong locally
will make for all questions social
justice
and then i want to take her off i want
finish today with an invitation on
this coming weekend finds the feast of
left instead of here on this place before
our house
that will be a firm where both the
party like the new germany the pink
luxembourg foundation together with many
celebrating intellectual musicians together
but also about political questions
of course everyone is discussing and of course
warmly invited
the whole thing is framed by a children's
and family party